I'll take care of you
Keep me
Been in business for so many years
I've seen countless
The person who gave me a red envelope
first time heard
Some people say they want to support me
you really are
opened my eyes
Say it
How much
As a doctor?
I still have
professional ethics
money to me
unimportant
but
Our company
Recently I am developing a batch of
new equipment
Need 20,000
if you could
Take these 20 million
Completed
I
I agree to let you take care of me
Then try it
Give me your company account
It’s a deal
Don't regret it
What
Twenty million
Completed in one go
Isn't it good here?
If someone sees it
That
We'll go to your office
I am worried
Full of anger
No place to vent
That
It's up to you